March 12

US suspends travel from Europe: Trump canceled travel from 26 European countries to the US for the next 30 days, beginning Friday at midnight.

Markets: US stocks just plummeted for the second straight day.

March 13

JUST IN: President Trump said he was declaring a "national emergency" to free up federal resources to combat coronavirus. Meanwhile, travel restrictions into the US go into effect today. 

March 14

US emergency: President Donald Trump said he was declaring a "national emergency" to free up federal resources to combat the coronavirus. Meanwhile, new travel restrictions into the US go into effect today. 

March 15

US cases grow: There are now more than 3,000 cases of the novel coronavirus in the US, according to government agencies and the CDC.

Emergency measures globally: US has declared a national emergency. France is closing restaurants, cafes, cinemas, clubs and ski resorts. People in Spain are restricted from leaving their homes.

March 16

The White House has advised people not to gather in groups of more than 10.
France has banned all family and social gatherings and closed its borders.

An Ohio judge denied the governor's request to move the state's primary election.

Canada will deny entry to anyone who isn't a citizen or permanent resident.

March 17

Millions are under lockdown in Europe.

The US is working to send money directly to Americans in a bid to curb economic fallout.

37 states in the US have closed their public schools.

The White House has advised people not to gather in groups of more than 10.

March 18

All 50 states in the US now have confirmed cases.

The European Union has closed its borders for 30 days.

Millions across the world have been put under lockdown.

Governments are pumping huge sums of stimulus funds into their economies to keep industries from collapsing.

March 19

US cases soared by more than 40% in just 24 hours.

New York's governor announced a 90-day mortgage relief.

The US is preparing for the pandemic to last up to 18 months or longer.

Jobless claims spiked to highest level in 2.5 years.

China reported no new locally transmitted infections for the first time.

March 20

US cases soared by more than 40% in just 24 hours.

New York's governor announced a 90-day mortgage relief.

The US is preparing for the pandemic to last up to 18 months or longer.

Jobless claims spiked to highest level in 2.5 years.

China reported no new locally transmitted infections for the first time.

March 21

The numbers worldwide: More than 300,000 people have contracted the novel coronavirus and at least 12,944 have died, according to a tally by Johns Hopkins University.

Threat of severe economic downturn: A global recession is on us and experts believe coronavirus could drag the world economy into a depression.

US death toll rises: More than 302 people have now died from the virus in the United States.

March 22

The global outlook: More than 335,000 people have contracted the novel coronavirus and at least 14,641 have died, according to a tally by Johns Hopkins University.

Threat of severe economic downturn: A global recession is looming as businesses down tools and send workers home to stop the spread of the virus.

US death toll rises: More than 400 people have died from the virus in the United States, according to CNN's tally of cases.

March 23

NYC's mayor said hospitals have enough supplies to get through this week only.

The US Surgeon General warned, "This week, it's going to get bad."

Global stocks plunged again today.

US senators are continuing to negotiate on a massive stimulus package.
More than 750 million people across India are under lockdown.

March 24

The 2020 Olympics in Tokyo was postponed for about a year.

The Dow soared 1,200 points at the open.

New York's infection "attack rate" is five times higher than the rest of the US.

43% of the US population is now being asked to stay home.

India ordered a 3-week nationwide lockdown.

China's Hubei Province, ground zero for the pandemic, plans to lift nearly all lockdown restrictions tomorrow.

March 25

Nearly a third of the world’s population is under movement restrictions.

NYC is the epicenter of the US outbreak. Known cases are doubling every three days.

Spain now has more deaths than China. Italy has the most deaths anywhere.

US lawmakers agreed on a $2 trillion stimulus package.

Prince Charles tested positive for the virus.

March 26

3.3 million unemployment claims were filed in the US — the highest number of initial jobless claims in history.

Nearly a third of the world’s population are living under coronavirus-related restrictions.

US Senate passed a $2 trillion economic relief package. It goes to the House next.

NYC is the epicenter of the US outbreak. Known cases double every three days.

March 27

The US now has the most known cases worldwide, surpassing China and Italy.

A total of 3.3 million unemployment claims were filed in the US — the highest number of initial jobless claims in history.

The US House approved a historic $2 trillion coronavirus response stimulus package.

UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson tested positive for Covid-19.

Nearly a third of the world’s population are living under coronavirus-related restrictions.

March 28

he US has the most known cases worldwide, surpassing China and Italy.

The US House approved a historic $2 trillion coronavirus response stimulus package.

On Saturday, China begins its most stringent measures to curtail inbound travelers by banning most foreign nationals – including those holding Chinese visas and residency permits.

Nearly a third of the world’s population is now living under coronavirus-related restrictions.

Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden held a Town Hall with CNN.

March 29

Global deaths from the virus have surpassed 30,000, with more than 10,000 of those in Italy.

The US has the most confirmed cases worldwide, surpassing China and Italy.

US President Donald Trump extended social distancing guidelines to April 30.

Spain reported its highest increase in coronavirus deaths Sunday, but saw a drop in infection rate

Japan reports the country's largest single-day increase in coronavirus cases.
Australia will bring in new measures, including limiting public gatherings to two people, to curb the spread of the virus.

March 30

The US now has the most confirmed cases worldwide, with more than 160,000 confirmed cases and nearly 3,000 deaths.

New York State has more than 1,000 coronavirus-related deaths. Italy's death toll is now the highest in the world.

President Trump extended social distancing guidelines to April 30.

The US Treasury Secretary says Americans could expect stimulus checks to be direct deposited in their accounts within three weeks

March 31

There are more than 857,000 novel coronavirus cases around the world, according to Johns Hopkins University.

The US has the most confirmed cases globally at more than 185,200. More than 3,800 people have died in the US.

The US will reach "peak resource use" on April 15, according to one statistical model.

A new World Bank report warns Covid-19 could bring recession to countries in East Asia and the Pacific and push 11 million people into poverty.
